### This is just a read of my start with computers in 2023
* Yes. 2023. December of 2023! And again Yes, I've lived 33 years and have never actually owned a computer of my own, until now. It's even hard for me to believe that it's taken me this long to not only get a compiter but to find out I have a passion for Computing. (Maybe it's an age thing) For the most part I'm still new to all of this (i.e. names of things and functions) Sometimes I have a hard time finishing courses because if you give me a little I'll fall into a never ending learning experience of learning 'a' but you have to learn 'b' to do 'e' so 'c' can 'ab' ( It feels as if I've opened up a door to the LooneyTunes, 'Rabbit Season'). It is a bit looney sometimes but, I'm completely in love with it all. I maily started by just trying to read what the code I was coming across was saying. At first I thought all the code I was reading was written in a way that could fool anyone else from trying to read it. But i learned, that that is only half true and it's possible for you to do it too. Now I'm hooked. So my I think to myself, "What else can I do?"
* Well I have been doing nothing but trying to learn as much as i possibly can.(Honestly, I love the different learning experience given when you may have to do things yourself. I'm a hands on kinda person.) So with me, it all started with the installation of Kali Linux. (Dual Booted along side Windows10.) Now I'm not sure but it may need to be mentioned that intelligence varies from person to person and I am extremem\ly thankful that I have the gift of common sense and the ability to learn new things, pretty easily.( It varies between topics) I may not have touched a computer since I was 16, but that doesn't mean I didnt have a basic undestanding of how to operate one. My interests have been in Psychology {i.e.'Study of Brain Function' and 'Personality Derivative'} My other interests incuded the subjects of Science, Astronomy and 'Conspiracy Stories'. My new official goal:{'Terminal Wizardry'}. I like learning new things. And I wanted to learn how to code and run the terminal like I invented it.(Not too much longer now..) The push was with my phone, being that they can be very restricted in certain regards.(Pretty much everything.) So I called up a friend and asked if she had an old computer she didnt have a use for and up, up, and away I went.
* I use my terminal constantly. I'm currently navigating directories and learning more of what goes into making an operating system. It does get a little hard for me to want to do anything else. I use Linux btw.(Currently Fedora on Dell and Ubuntu on labtop.{Choices being determined by what works best with the hardware.}) When I got that old computer it was a Dell AiO 3275 and at first start up it took over an hour and a half to fully boot into the desktop. I ran a factory reset and wiped it. It was better but then I heard about Linux. Oh boy! Now I'm cooking with some seasoning. That in itself opened a door to another world. It blew me away at what I've been missing because I was stuck with a mith a mind that "If i can do it on a computer, I can do it on a phone." Sure, but you still need a computer to do so.
* tbc
